# Meta

## Meta: Research Engineer - Reality Labs\
\$70.67/yr - \$208K/yrÂ 

Meta Reality Labs is looking for a Research Engineer to help us unleash
human potential by eliminating the bottlenecks between intent and
action. To achieve this, we\'re building a practical neural interface
drawing on the rich neuromotor signals that can be measured
non-invasively using electromyography (EMG). Our research lies at the
intersection of computational neuroscience, machine learning, signal
processing, statistics, biophysics, and human-computer interaction.
We\'re looking for people who want to shape the future of this
technology and are excited about joining our collaborative research
team. As a Research Engineer working at the Reality Labs, you will be
responsible for the implementation and acceleration of our EMG machine
learning platform; creating new AI models, tools, and infrastructure
that unlock the capabilities of our technology; productionizing our
research results, and working with scientists, software engineers,
hardware engineers and designers to advance the company\'s AI-driven
AR/VR agenda.\
\
Research Engineer - Reality Labs Responsibilities:

-   Research and develop Deep Learning or other computational models
    with at least one of Computer Vision, and EMG signal processing.

-   Design methods, tools and infrastructure to analyze and leverage
    rich multimodal data sets.

-   Collaborate with research scientists and research engineers to
    develop innovative deep learning models that define the next
    generation EMG-based AR/VR interaction techniques.

-   Define short-term research goals, informed by practical engineering
    concerns.

-   Help transition and deliver our work from research into product.

-   Adapt standard machine learning methods to best utilize modern
    parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and
    GPU).

Minimum Qualifications:

-   Bachelor\'s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering,
    relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.

-   Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or
    relevant technical field.

-   Experience with developing machine learning models at scale from
    inception to business impact.

-   Research experience in machine learning and deep learning.

-   Programming experience in Python and hands-on experience with
    frameworks such as PyTorch.

-   Exposure to architectural patterns of large scale software
    applications.

-   Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the
    time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during
    employment.

Preferred Qualifications:

-   Ph.D. degree and publications in machine learning, signal
    processing, electrical engineering, computer science, statistics,
    physics, or related fields.

-   First-author publications at peer-reviewed AI conferences (e.g.
    NeurIPS, CVPR, ICML, ICLR, ICCV, ACL).

-   Comfort with rapid prototyping and disciplined software development
    processes.

-   Experience with productizing new research results.

About Meta: Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find
communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it
changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and
WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is
moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and
virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology.
People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta
help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection
makes possible today---beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of
distance, and even the rules of physics.


## Meta: Research Engineer, Neural Interfaces (Kinematics)
\$147,000/year to \$208,000/year + bonus + equity + benefits; Hybrid

Meta is seeking Research Engineers with experience in computer vision,
human behavior and/or kinematics to help us create and scale joint data
collection of human movement and biosensor data within an
interdisciplinary team of research scientists and engineers. This work
will support the development of novel wearable sensors and algorithms to
power the next generation of neuromotor interfaces and augmented reality
systems. Help us unleash human potential by removing the bottlenecks
between user intent and action.\
\
Research Engineer, Neural Interfaces (Kinematics) Responsibilities:

-   Collaborate with EMG research and engineering teams to design,
    optimize, and deploy novel human kinematic tracking experiments,
    spanning both hardware and algorithms

-   Deploy multimodal data collection pipelines in large scale
    industrial lab environments

-   Develop technical and procedural safeguards to ensure the integrity
    and validity of experimental data

-   Develop and evaluate ML models to characterize the impact of
    kinematic and CV-based features on gesture detection and control

-   Extend our training pipelines, analysis workflows, and associated
    infrastructure to support novel data streams and tasks

-   Build automation tools to accelerate the processing of experimental
    data

Minimum Qualifications:

-   Bachelor\'s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering,
    relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.

-   Research-oriented software engineering skills (SciPy ecosystem/ML
    tools, MATLAB)

-   Programming experience in Python and hands-on experience with
    PyTorch

-   Research experience in machine learning, deep learning, computer
    vision and/or natural language processing

Preferred Qualifications:

-   Master's degree in AI, machine learning, computer science,
    electrical engineering, applied mathematics, physics, neuroscience,
    or related technical fields

-   3+ years of experience in industrial R&D and/or product development

-   Comfort with rapid prototyping and disciplined software development
    processes

-   Experience developing end-to-end ML pipelines, including: dataset
    preprocessing, model development and evaluation, and software
    integration

-   Experience building software frameworks for high-throughput data
    acquisition using computer vision

-   Programming experience with C++, Android, and Unity

-   Experience working on problems related to pose estimation and
    movement tracking

-   Research and software engineer experience demonstrated via an
    internship, contributions to open source, work experience, or coding
    competition

About Meta: Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find
communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it
changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and
WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is
moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and
virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology.
People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta
help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection
makes possible today---beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of
distance, and even the rules of physics.\
\
\$70.67/hour to \$208,000/year + bonus + equity + benefits\
\
Individual compensation is determined by skills, qualifications,
experience, and location. Compensation details listed in this posting
reflect the base hourly rate, monthly rate, or annual salary only, and
do not include bonus, equity or sales incentives, if applicable. In
addition to base compensation, Meta offers benefits. Learn more about
[benefits](https://www.metacareers.com/facebook-life/benefits) at Meta.

## Meta: Research Scientist - Reality Labs
\$143,000/year to \$208,000/year + bonus + equity + benefits; Hybrid

Reality Labs at Meta is seeking Research Scientists with experience in
product-focused machine learning and signal processing research to
advance our pioneering work in neuromotor interfaces, which has grown
out of the acquisition of CTRL-labs. We're building a practical
interface drawing on the rich neuromotor signals that can be measured
non-invasively via surface electromyography (EMG) with single motor
neuron resolution. This technology could become one of the main pillars
for interaction with virtual and augmented worlds. We are a
multi-disciplinary team of researchers investigating the nature of human
neuromotor signals, developing novel signal processing and machine
learning methods to infer a user's intent, and creating novel
interaction techniques and user experiences. Help us unleash human
potential by removing the bottlenecks between user intent and action.\
\
Research Scientist - Reality Labs Responsibilities:

-   Research and develop Deep Learning or other computational models.

-   Design methods, tools and infrastructure to analyze and leverage
    rich multimodal data sets.

-   Set technical direction for a project of 2-3 researchers and
    engineers.

-   Help transition and deliver our work from research into product.

-   Adapt standard machine learning methods to best leverage modern
    parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and
    GPU)

Minimum Qualifications:

-   Bachelor\'s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering,
    relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.

-   Ph.D. degree in Computer Science and Engineering, Electrical
    Engineering, Statistics/Mathematics.

-   Experience with developing machine learning models at scale from
    inception to business impact.

-   Programming experience in Python and hands-on experience with
    frameworks such as PyTorch.

-   Exposure to architectural patterns of large scale software
    applications.

-   Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the
    time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during
    employment.

Preferred Qualifications:

-   First-author publications at peer-reviewed AI conferences (e.g.
    NeurIPS, CVPR, ICML, ICLR, ICCV, ACL, and ICASSP).

-   Experience in software engineering in industry.

-   Experience bringing machine learning-based products from research to
    production.

About Meta:\
\
Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and
grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way
people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further
empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D
screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality
to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose
to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future
that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible
today---beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and
even the rules of physics.\
\
\$143,000/year to \$208,000/year + bonus + equity + benefits\
\
Individual compensation is determined by skills, qualifications,
experience, and location. Compensation details listed in this posting
reflect the base hourly rate, monthly rate, or annual salary only, and
do not include bonus, equity or sales incentives, if applicable. In
addition to base compensation, Meta offers benefits. Learn more about
[benefits](https://www.metacareers.com/facebook-life/benefits) at Meta.
